yo guys as most of us know Nintendo has
announced pokemon six generation to be
released in october of 2013 and today
i'm going to talk about five things that
I and all of you guys should be looking
forward to with the release of this new
pokemon game number five as we all know
whenever Nintendo releases a new pokemon
game that has new pokemon and a new
generation they also accompany it with a
new anime and this anime you know ashes
hang out iracing that other blond dude
and in fourth generation it was done and
you know all that stuff so what I'm
looking forward is that in the sixth
generation ash has some new journey
partners you know I personally did it
stopped watching pokemon fifth
generation because of iris and the blond
dude cuz I think I rid of Brock like I
just could not comprehend that change
that you just don't get rid of Brock so
hopefully in the sixth generation will
get some more compelling characters
maybe I'll start watching again number
for pokemon x and y will be released on
3ds and personally I don't have a 3d s I
got my days like four years ago when
sinnoh is out on all that chill stuff so
I have a 3d I mean I have a TS light and
I'm gonna need a 3ds so hopefully
Nintendo maybe makes like a package deal
that sells like some customized 3ds
alongside the pokemon X&Y games and
maybe throw in a stylist in some
stickers or something that we probably
worthwhile maybe make it a discounted
rate or something that would be
fantastic number three I want to see
some more evolutions I want to see Eevee
get some more evolved forms now I know
by this diagram that these look like
neopets rather than evolution split
please give Evie something 5th gen just
completely ignored you maybe just give
some for four more evolutions to EV and
i'll be happy but i actually want an
antenna to go back maybe give some other
pokemon that haven't evolved yet some
chances like heracross has no of all
forms maybe lappers can have like a
little baby laughs person or evolved
form I want to see Nintendo connect back
to the earlier generations maybe make
some more evolved forms maybe
incorporate some new forms as we all
know I believe for
jen is when they actually started
cooperating like Arceus form shame in
form I want to see them go back maybe
give an unknown a new form you know it
is pokemon X&Y maybe incorporates
unknowns in some way that would be
pretty freaking sick number two I am
very excited for this customization that
everyone's talking about supposedly will
libert there's been some pictures that
you'll be able to customize your
character you know your main care that
you walk around with and in this picture
you can see I'm putting on glasses I
personally would make my guy old fat
looking maybe give them a little chef
hat make them eat some chips or
something make them my own and that
would be amazing if you know that'll be
like your own customization hopefully
won't be like certain characters you can
pick and it's just different looking
maybe you can just make your own that'd
be great and maybe you could customize
the battle scenes I'm sure all of you
have seen images of battle scenes where
they look pretty sick they look
interactively look 3d and out is
something that I'm definitely look
forward to and maybe even customize the
battle scenes maybe and customize
reactions if your own pokemon that'd be
pretty awesome and the number one thing
I'm looking forward to is the
hundred-plus new Pokemon the Nintendo
and pokemon are just gonna release I'm
sure as the generations go on we're all
a little more disappointing the Pokemon
they release but I have confidence that
Nintendo will redeem themselves and in
six generation will make some pretty
cool-looking Pokemon because I'm pretty
sure they're not they're not out of
ideas come on intend oh there's millions
and millions of things you can like
theme Pokemon after I mean like come on
they made Rotom it's based off like
appliances and I think that's one of the
most memorable Pokemon you made a
Pokemon based off a toaster and it
worked pretty well so on Nintendo I have
faith in you you're gonna make some
amazing Pokemon and I'm sure all of you
guys are very excited for pokemon X&Y so
anyways thanks again for watching and if
you enjoyed this video hit that thumbs
up but it really helps me out anyways
thanks again and until next time haha
bus I